All members shall work properly, honestly and put in effort so that work does not stagnate, ensure timely and accurate information updates.
All members must be incorrupt, protect their own reputation and the organisation's.
All members must comply with all official documents of the Organisation.
All diplomatic activities with other organisations must be public.
Only the head of the organisation and medal-autonomous regions award medals to other organisations.
The organisation must ensure that absolute democracy does not occur.
Units shall not stop working on holidays unless permitted by organisational documents.
The official demonym is Traophs.
Expanding democracy goes hand in hand with enforcement discipline, rule of law, and respect for differences.
Ghost administrative division is an administrative division not being occupied for at least 1 year.
A landslide victory is a victory with 90 percentage or more of all the votes.
The General Secretary has the final authority over every official document, unless adopted by the Semblæ.
No nondisclosure documents are allowed, except the army's.
Members of The Secretariats must be born in the territory of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
The House has the right to hold inter-organisational elections.
The House shall only hold an election session when it's approved by members of the House (who are citizens of The Secretariats) using the MAJ voting method.
All members are subject to inspection and supervision by the organisation.
The levels performing inspection and supervision tasks must comply with official documents and direct instructions from the organisation.
Each province needs at least two people to remain in existence.
One person can only be a citizen of one province.
In the event that a province has a population of one, at least one additional individual must join within ten days for the province to remain in existence.
When a province's population reaches zero, the province has 24 hours from the departure of the last individual to admit at least one new person.
Official documents may or may not include the names of the branches or divisions of the Treasury.
Anyone on Discord is automatically considered a member of the organisation.
All Discord accounts except "APP"s are eligible to vote.
It is prohibited to persuade others to follow a religion in any form.
When the General Secretary or General Secretary 2 has a surgery, no one will have the position nor its power until a new notification is issued.
Face-to-face meetings for businesses are prohibited when a pandemic occurs in that place.
The Semblæ has the right to lift a ban on "face-to-face meetings for businesses" if it reaches a two-thirds approval vote.
The Charter is adopted indefinitely unless the General Secretary wants to stop using it.
Every prohibition of holding any positions in the organisation is voted in the Semblæ.
Every social security program has a deadline, output standards, and impact index; must be publicly evaluated and consulted with beneficiaries.
"Charteral crisis" is when the General Secretary defies the Supreme Court's ruling.
The organisation recognises every gender.
The organisation can only organise Memorial Day by Semblæ Election.
Passed documents will take effect right after being passed unless stated otherwise.
Every referendum must last from 3 to 14 days.
On Discord, news agencies are only permitted to post information in the "news" channel.
"Information" and "Declaration of the State of Emergency" documents are deleted by the General Secretary 2 after five days.
All documents shall be composed online.
The Secretariats has the final say on determining what represents the entire organisation and where.
If the organisation's first General Secretary passes away without transferring power or making a decision, and The Secretariats fails to reach a consensus of at least 2 out of 3 discussion rounds, each lasting 3 to 7 days, the organisation shall be dissolved.
Do not sabotage or distort information related to the organisation.
Only organise town halls on mentimeter.com, and at max 1 per month.
All Semblæ representatives are allowed to organise town halls.
Units that have no representation in the Semblæ will be voted to be allowed in the Semblæ separately.
Sexual relations with animals are prohibited.
When a person has sexual relations with animals, their actions shall be spread everywhere.
Only images appropriate to public decency shall be used in discussions within the organisation's official workplaces.
The use of sexually explicit language in chatting is permitted, unless Memorial Day is enacted.
The act of passing laws regarding narcotics is prohibited.
Pardons shall only be individually and carried out by a vote of the Semblæ.
Agencies, organisations, individuals can voluntarily support the Militia through material, financial, and morale contributions.
The creation of literary and artistic works are highly supported.
Proposals for changes in all aspects of the organisation shall be encouraged.
The organisation supports game piracy.
Any intellectual properties are welcomed to be shared to the organisation, preferably legal.
All members should have a healthy lifestyle.
Prioritise models that can be replicated quickly, at reasonable costs, have a great impact on life, and bring practical benefits to people.
The establishment, membership, or funding of armed organisations without authorisation from The Secretariats is prohibited.
Conducting warfare using sexually explicit images is prohibited.
Conducting warfare involving bloody media is prohibited.
The establishment of colonies is prohibited.
All disputes should first be resolved through peaceful negotiation and dialogue.
Martial law is prohibited.
The manipulation of any news agency is prohibited and vice versa.
News agencies must register their names with the General Secretary before publishing information.
The bots "Mimu", "UnbelievaBoat", "Bankify" and "Bigbird" on Discord constitute the economy of the organisation.
Everyone, whether a member of the organisation or not, is allowed to participate in the organisation's economy.
Trading of all futures contracts (as defined in Law 54/2019/QH-14) is prohibited.
Bidding in any form other than direct appointment is prohibited.
All books are allowed to be circulated.
Monopolies are blocked.
The Treasury shall only issue bonds paid by TPO's virtual currencies, and the interest rate must be at least 0.2% per year.
There are two certificates for auction practitioners.
The General Secretary 2 is responsible for training and issuing certificates to auction practitioners.
When no one has an auctioneer’s certificate, all members of The Secretariats or the Semblæ shall intervene to organise the auction.
When multiple assets are auctioned simultaneously, those assets must be identical and share the same starting price.
The actual starting price for an auction shall be the starting price of one asset multiplied by the number of assets.
Auctioning of assets sold in stores managed by the organisation is prohibited.
When a person has admitted to being a witness and has taken an oath but then refuses to testify, they shall be fined.
The Court does not accept submitting or withdrawing lawsuit petition documents on Sundays and Lunar New Year holidays.
SimBraille is the official font for documents written in Braille.
Everyone must be in a province to be properly represented in the government.